The information of the partner will be sorted out and sent to me in the afternoon.
This isn't my job, is it?
Good idea.
If you don't want to do it, get out
that
Why don't you fire me and Xu Zeyu together?
You think beautifully
I fired you both. I was lonely at the company
Don't you want to fight me?
Then stay with me and settle down
Aren't you quite capable?
What about the atmosphere of our company?
It is to give enough room for newcomers to develop
Let you exercise well
Finished tonight
It's off-duty time now.
Why can't I work overtime?
If you don't want to do it, you can admit defeat to me.
I'll let you go bye
Brother Lei, you don't even know
I'm going to be tortured to death by An Tong these days
His next target is you
You must get rid of him!
Lin Yue
Don't think I don't know what you're playing
abacus
You just have to listen to me now
What does Brother Lei mean?
Perform well
Getting rid of him is a matter of time